Deploy MongoDB on Google Axion C4A virtual machine (#11)
odidev/arm-learning-paths: content/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/mongodb-on-gcp/benchmarking.md

---
title: MongoDB Benchmarking
weight: 6

### FIXED, DO NOT MODIFY
layout: learningpathall
---

## MongoDB Benchmarking with YCSB (Yahoo! Cloud Serving Benchmark)

**YCSB (Yahoo! Cloud Serving Benchmark)** is an open-source benchmarking tool for evaluating the performance of NoSQL databases under different workloads. It supports operations like read, write, update, and scan to simulate real-world usage patterns.

### Install YCSB (Build from Source)

```console
sudo dnf install -y git maven java-11-openjdk-devel
git clone https://github.com/brianfrankcooper/YCSB.git
cd YCSB
mvn -pl site.ycsb:mongodb-binding -am clean package
```

### Load Phase – Insert Initial Dataset

This phase inserts documents into MongoDB to simulate a typical workload.

```console
./bin/ycsb load mongodb -s \
  -P workloads/workloada \
  -p mongodb.url=mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017/ycsb
```

> **Purpose:** Prepares the database with initial records (default: 1,000) for benchmarking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core purpose of this phase is to prepare the database with initial records (default: 1,000) for benchmarking.
```

### Execute Benchmark Workload

This phase performs actual read/write operations and reports performance metrics.
```console
./bin/ycsb run mongodb -s \
  -P workloads/workloada \
  -p mongodb.url=mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017/ycsb
```

> Workload A (from workloads/workloada) simulates a balanced read/write workload:

Reviewer: # Is this a complete sentence?

AFAIR, I suggested below:

Workload A (from workloads/workloada) simulates a balanced read/write workload:
- 50% reads
- 50% updates/writes

This is designed to mimic many real-world systems where reads and writes are equally important (e.g., session stores, shopping carts, etc.).
The above command measures latency and throughput of mixed read/write operations.
